Idea: User Lists
Added by Andrew, 11/29/2011
Description: Allow user's to create custom lists full of Events/Points of Interest. This list
is itself #tagged and the #tag(s) is applied to every Event/POI added to the list. A list 
can be configured as public or private and can be set as open or read-only, which determines 
whether other users can add Events/POI to the list. This could supplant the entire system of 
upvoting. The system could be laid out as follows:

- Every user, by default, has a list called "Favorite Places" and "Attended Events"
- A user can also create custom lists. When a list is created, the user gives the list
itself a title and #tag(s).
- If the user #tags a custom list with "#favorite", any POI/Event added to that list
will also be added to the Favorites list automatically.
- There will be a button/drag-drop mechanism of some kind that will allow users to add
Events/POI's to their custom lists //Look to photos app as an example. An action button allows you to select multiple photos
	to add to a new album. We can apply this same mechanism to reorganize / move POIs to new lists. 
- Anytime an Event/POI is added to a list, that Event/POI is automatically #tagged with whatever 
#tags belong to the list itself.
- There will also be a special button/drag-drop mechanism of some kind that allows user's
to add POI's to their Favorite Places list. Similarly, Events will go to the Attended Events list.
- The concept of the Favorites list would supplant the vote-up system. Any POI in a user's 
Favorites list would get a +1 boost in rating. 

Example Usage: 
I create a list called "Andrew's Favorite Sushi Spots" #-tagged with "#sushi, #japanese". 

(TODO: there should be some way to configure a custom list so that any events added to the custom list
are also added to the Favorites list. One possiblity would be simply to add "#favorite" to the
custom list's #tags.)

Then any POI that I add to "Andrew's Favorite Sushi Spots" will automatically be tagged with #sushi and 
#japanese. If I set the list as public and open, anyone else could add their favorite sushi spots to 
the list as well, automatically tagging that Event/POI with #sushi #japanese, as well as any additional 
#tags added by the user. 

For any given POI on the list, it's rating would be equal to the number of lists that it is included in.
The rating of each individual #tag is simply a function of the number of POI's with the given #tag (This
rating can be used to determine which topics are trending.)

Example Usage:
I create a list called "Places Cops Hide in Auburn" (public and open, #tagged: "#cops #speedtrap").

Because I haven't added the #favorite #tag, these POI's won't be getting an increase in rating.
However, this is probably what we want - places where cops hide are not generally very interesting except
for the fact that we should slow down when we pass one driving. None of these places will show up as our 
favorites, but we can always access them if we need to by checking the Places Cops Hide in Auburn list.
Anyone can add to this list, so that through crowd-sourcing, a fluid and constantly up-to-date list
of cop's hiding spots is maintained for anyone who wants it. 

// One concern is the ability to destroy public lists / add irrelevant locations.
   I might want to have an ongoing list of cop hideouts but if others add a location
   that is completely irrelevant such as the middle of the ocean I don't care about this. How do we prevent this from happening? 
   We need a mechanism to keep public lists but have the ability to prevent changes from a user's perspective.
   One possibility is to implement MyCopHiding places, which is specific to the user, and they can view a public list of
   cop hiding places and have the ability to add to their own list. In other words there is a large bank of locations that everyone contributes
   to, but only I have the ability to add to my list, i.e. Pinterest. This could be reorganized / quickly browsed through using tags / locations / searches. We could
   organize the list to show POI within a current range, making the list more relevant to the user and also eliminates unnecessary locations. Obviously, the reverse process
   of contributing from private list to public list would be possible as well. (You had these same ideas I just wanted to refine / add own input to better understand our
   objective). 
 - Will

This idea incorporates the basic principles of a "vote-up" system for determining what people like,
as well as bringing in a social aspect of sharing. In this respect, this system is similar to the Pinterest 
model of allowing people to share their personal interests with their friends. The act of maintaining a list
of "My Favorites" is much more personal than simply casting an anonymous up-vote to bump up an events
rating. If Twitter and Facebook say anything about people, its that they really like telling everyone else
about themselves. This system caters to that urge.

There are lots of other ideas to be explored, such as the idea of creating Lists of lists (i.e., a list
titled, "My Favorite Lists"), calculating ratings and trending #tags, etc.
